[Music]
ten photos that can scare anyone the
paranormal has always been interesting
for both skeptics and romantics some
people believe in the supernatural and
others don't
but sometimes simple photographs turn
out to be very surprising spooky and
even terrifying here are 10 strange
photos many of which cannot be explained
can you imagine taking a happy photo and
then later find out that there's a ghost
behind you or even right next to you
people in these photos experience that
but maybe you'll be able to solve some
of these mysteries let's find out
[Music]
number 10 the Cooper photograph
the Cooper family mystery is still
unsolved the photo which captures the
mother and the grandmother of the Cooper
family with two kids was taken during a
celebration in their new house in Texas
at the moment the photograph was taken
the family didn't see anything unusual
but when the photo was developed they
saw someone falling or hanging from the
ceiling quite a scary discovery isn't it
number 9 scary commercial a couple of
years ago a strange video emerged on the
internet in the clip you could see a
woman standing alone in the room when
suddenly a chair started moving on its
own as the terrified woman tried to
escape out of the room tables and chairs
blocked her way to the exit door this
video got millions of views and provoked
a serious debate was that an earthquake
or a poltergeist in fact the answer
turned out to be much more simple it was
just a commercial for the Malaysian
movie bang guna
[Music]
number eight the brown lady
this is one of the most famous and
controversial ghost pictures it was
first revealed in Country Life magazine
in 1936 it is believed that in this
photo we see Dorothy Walpole also known
as brown lady because of the brown dress
she apparently wears her husband
suspected her of cheating and imprisoned
her in Raynham Hall for life after
Dorothy's death there have been numerous
reports of seeing her ghost some critics
consider this picture to be fake however
there is still no proof for such
suggestions number 7 dancing demon this
photo made many sensitive people scared
it was taken from a viewing monitor in
the nurseries room the legend says that
it was a demon standing on top of the
patient who died a few hours after this
picture appeared seriously you can
clearly see a dancing demon on the
patient's bed right it turns out that it
was nothing more than just an illusion
what looks like the demon's leg is the
patient's leg the hip is the bed
handrail and the head with the upper
part of the body is a bunch of medical
waste our imagination can sometimes play
quite a trick on us
[Music]
number six faces in the water this
picture was taken on the oil tanker SS
Watertown in 1924 it sailed from
California to New York on the way two
members of the crew James Courtney and
Michael Meehan died tragically after the
service the captain decided to bury them
at sea so you can probably imagine the
horror when the next day the crew saw
their faces in the water right next to
the ship there are many theories about
these haunting faces but there is not
even a single piece of proof number 5
UFO
this photo was taken in 1962 and nobody
has managed to prove that it's fake in
1978 the Central Intelligence Agency
Declassified hundreds of documents
concerning unidentified flying objects
this photo was published among other
materials to this day there are multiple
witnesses of UFOs all over the world and
numerous stories about aliens so who
knows maybe they are true what do you
think leave your points of view in the
comments number four
ghost in the back seat this photo was
taken by Mabel Chinnery in 1959 she and
her husband were going to visit her
mother in the cemetery and Mabel wanted
to take a picture of her husband in the
car after she printed the photo she saw
her mother in the backseat one of the
experts who had examined this picture
claimed that it's completely genuine on
the same year the mysterious photo was
printed on the pages of Parade magazine
there are various theories and
assumptions about the strange incident
but the truth is still unknown
[Music]
number three stranger in the aircraft
this photo was taken on a military fleet
base in Somerset England in 1987 the
woman was alone but later she said she
had been quite cold despite warm weather
that day she found someone else sitting
next to her in this picture there is
still no solid proof whether this photo
is real or fake it could have been just
the trick of the light but it still
looks rather spooky number 2 ghost in
the church
this photo is considered to be one of
the creepiest supernatural pictures a
priest took a picture of the altar at
Newby Church in North York Shire England
he later confessed that he didn't see
anything special while taking the photo
but you can clearly see a frightening
ghost
there were many speculations and even
quite a controversy surrounding his
photo but research has shown that it is
real and hasn't been altered
[Music]
number one scary Japanese girl many
people said that this photo was taken
during a paranormal show in Japan the
strange angle of the woman's head and
the expression on her face scared a lot
of people and provoked debates on many
forums dedicated to paranormal things
however as the picture started to become
more and more popular on the Internet it
turned out to be fake the real video was
found where it is clear that the girl
just smiled for the camera which one of
these pictures terrified you the most
tell us in the comments below and if you
want to see more videos like this hit
the like button below the video and
share it with your friends
[Music]
you